README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  
  <img src="assets\images\cvimage2.JPG" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>BK Web DEV Course</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [WEB DEVELOPMENT COURSE] <a name="about-project"></a>


**[Bk web Development Course]** is an education website that offers web development course for software developers interested in mastering HTML, CSS & Javascript.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> 


<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- **[Mobile_first design]**
- **[Cross-plartfom responsiveness]**
- **[User Friendliness]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://bettenoch.github.io/Portfolio-Setup-Mobile-First)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> 

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

git clone <repo https://github.com/Bettenoch/Web_Development_Course>
cd <repo We development course>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:

**``you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd ``**

### Install

To install all dependencies, run:

```
npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, follow these instructions:

- After Cloning this repo to your local machine.
- Open the `index.html` in your browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- Track HTML linter errors run:
```
npx hint .
```
- Track CSS linter errors run:
```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
- Track JavaScript linter errors run:
```
npx eslint .
```

### Deployment


You can deploy this project using: GitHub Pages,

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [https://github.com/Bettenoch](https://github.com/Bettenoch)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.com/twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [https://twitter.com/twitterhandle](kedin.com/in/bett-kipngeno-enock-8b5153214/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Will add program join sponsor and news sections]**
- [ ] **[Add more user interactions like sign up page]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Bettenoch/My_Portfolio/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project give it a star

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


- Thanks to the Microverse team for the great curriculum.
- Thanks to the Code Reviewer(s) for the insightful feedbacks.
- A great thanks to My coding partner(s), morning session team, and standup team for their contributions.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>


This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Gave credit to figma design owner

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  
  <img src="assets\images\cvimage2.JPG" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>BK Web DEV Course</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [WEB DEVELOPMENT COURSE] <a name="about-project"></a>


**[Bk web Development Course]** is an education website that offers web development course for software developers interested in mastering HTML, CSS & Javascript.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> 


<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>



- **[Mobile_first design]**
- **[Cross-plartfom responsiveness]**
- **[User Friendliness]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://bettenoch.github.io/Portfolio-Setup-Mobile-First)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> 

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

git clone <repo https://github.com/Bettenoch/Web_Development_Course>
cd <repo We development course>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

- Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:

**``you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd ``**

### Install

To install all dependencies, run:

```
npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, follow these instructions:

- After Cloning this repo to your local machine.
- Open the `index.html` in your browser.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- Track HTML linter errors run:
```
npx hint .
```
- Track CSS linter errors run:
```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
- Track JavaScript linter errors run:
```
npx eslint .
```

### Deployment


You can deploy this project using: GitHub Pages,

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [https://github.com/Bettenoch](https://github.com/Bettenoch)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.com/twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [https://twitter.com/twitterhandle](kedin.com/in/bett-kipngeno-enock-8b5153214/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Will add program join sponsor and news sections]**
- [ ] **[Add more user interactions like sign up page]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Bettenoch/My_Portfolio/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project give it a star

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- A big thanks to Cindy Shin the designer and owner of the figma template used in this project
- Thanks to the Microverse team for the great curriculum.
- Thanks to the Code Reviewer(s) for the insightful feedbacks.
- A great thanks to My coding partner(s), morning session team, and standup team for their contributions.



<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>


This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
